docs: clarify rules on use of company and product names (#894)
electron/apps: contributing.md

### Company Logos and Names

Please do not directly use another company's name or product without permission. It's generally better to refer to it in a dependent clause; for example, after "compatible with", "on", or "for."

For example, a third-party app named "GitHub Notifications" would be difficult to add, but "Yourname Notifications for GitHub" would be a better candidate.

> And because several submissions have asked: Yes, some grandfathered apps in the collection predate this rule. No, that doesn't mean we're allowing more.

Reviewer: Just a small tone suggestion here:

```suggestion
While some existing apps in the collection predate this rule and have been grandfathered in, we will not accept any apps that do not follow this rule going forward.
```
